Okay. So can you see the screen now? Yeah. Can I see the screen now? Yes, I can. Okay. So as so before I want to like, I want to let you know that I have made some changes in the main dashboard like the P filter, but those filters currently work on the KPI section only and below this hatch performance and other sections is not affected. I'm looking into it. And we have discussed about the like a UI system, like the sections if you want to like change any sections like if if you want to like move the farmers into a particular section, we can do that. And after doing all these corrections and and you have mentioned that we want the chicken forum for sales order in the Zoho Books. Right, you know, let's do one. Okay? If you can go to the Zoho Books to be able to generate the invoice and so on, that will be very great. Okay, because I want the sales, every sales pass through that for you model. So we can track the data on the that's Yeah. Okay. So first we have, we have configured the Zoho Books sync feature with the poultry management sales order as you know that. So as you can see, we initially use this sales order. So now we have moved to the chicken for your sales order, we have to sync that as well. Zoho Books. Yeah. So as I told you earlier one, we want everything to be done in the checking for you. So if they they created the sales order, everything in the checking for you, then it's automatically sync in the books so they can generate the invoice and so on from the books as what? But the sales will be done in the checking for your model. Okay, so I have a query on that because in the PO management sales order they have like a fewer fields then it can for you in a chicken for your sales order. Let me show you we have some new fields like let's say we have region and the moo and the respective shatos, all that. So do we want to like sync this data also to the Zoho Books or just the product items and the financial details. So that Okay, you know you, you have to make it one let's say model if you whatever you see in the the whole point is the checking for you or the fair business is or that will be the main starting point of our sales. So books must be reflected here so that we have the same data moving from this section to the books as well. Is that Okay? Yeah, Okay. But so as you can see, we have the M-feed and the shos, do we have to add those fields to the books like this too, of course. Know the sato? Yeah, we should know the sato who is selling. I think we can keep it as it is not the satos will be only using the checking for you as his other model. Okay. So in the previous sales we don't have that, so that's why I'm asking. So let me show you the sales. Okay, You show me so I know what is exactly. So as you can see, we do have some fields, but we don't have the muo and the satos here you have, you have to move, you have to move them to to the, I mean the books as at least the M, the sato, the region, everything must be the same. Yeah, Okay, but but syncing with the books might take some time because we are dealing with a different module right now. So it will make some time take some time. So no problem Since we have to checking for you model which we are using is Okay. You hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. So that's the only point that we left right now. Right? No problem. Yes. And as I said, you know we are now using the what do you call it? The checking for you mode is Okay. So if this one will take time before we will have everything synchronized, it's fine as far as we can use it for your mother. By all that, I want you to understand that all our sales will pass through the checking for you failed order model. I get it. Okay. Do you have any queries in the dashboard? Yes, I do. Okay. So just that, I will note it and Yeah. So you are now loading, let us load before. I mean let's go with the checking for you dashboard first. How Yeah. To the as I indicated, you know feed used. Yeah. I said you have to pick the feed or that from the go to the down. So this, this one right. Yes. That data must come from the feed, the audit number. So the Yeah. So we we have like feed deliveries in that section, right. So this is this was configured in the let me show you so as you can see, I have configured the fee deliveries here. So so we are going to move forward with this setup or we are going to get the data from from the free deliveries. Now we are, we are going to move with this setup. So I want to understand where will be the additional ones go because they says, you know, they're checking for your model, they do sell feed, is it going to be added to this one or where will it end? So how the dashboard works is if we have the toilet and fit and the free deliveries delivered field is not empty, it will get fetched from this field and if it, if it's empty, we will get the data from the feed deliveries and other sections that we will respectively we can get the sum. Okay. Let me understand this correctly. I was thinking the new feed sales, not just the feed deliveries, feed sales from the checking for you food sales order will be adding to the feed update. So now we the the other one on the dashboard. Where is it getting the data from the 887, where is it getting the data flow? Which one the go to the D? Yes, this one, where is the data to LIO. So so this one is feed used? We get the data from the daily OPS. I can check it. No, no, they checking for you. You can check, but I don't think they're checking for you. More have anything to do with the daily offs and if it is coming from the daily of then this is far, far below our feet usage. Yeah, I know hope you are getting me. Yes, yeah, yeah, so this one, I think is supposed to get it from the feet sod or not as the center for you. Yes, yeah, Okay. So let me check if we have any field related sales. Yeah, we do have some, we show some fields. Yeah, Okay, yeah, Okay, Okay. So let's say we have two quantities so how we can calculate in the dashboard what that is what I'm asking you because again this is just 11 delivery and we have done from the beginning of the year. That is why you just have let's say 887 kg. But what I mean is we want the the what you call the sales feed sales to be added to the the one we we we configured under the configuration is it possible? So we have yeah. So let's so let me say, let me show say how how we can done that. So whenever we create a sales order with the feed can feed product, let's say we have to quantity in. So after success, after successfully submitted, it will get added in the feed deliveries order. Alright, yes, yeah, Okay, Okay. That's the only point on the chicken for you or the chicken for you. So go there again for now the data that is on the dashboard it is fine is something I really like and that's what the other question is if it is a red data then there's no problem. So maybe after sometime we check and compare to our hard data to see everything here is correct. The next one is the view. Orders this week orders. I should be able to download a report so I can give it to the distribute the dispatcher that yes, this is your weekly or this week delivery schedule. We want a report for the products or go see pending this week. Okay. We should be able to download the detailed reports. I mean let's say the customer name, the quantity, the location, they created it on the order form. So you know this quantities going here and it should be like wee because we can. ', I mean everything is captured here. So there should be a summary for to be given to the dispatcher that this is your weekly delivery schedule. Okay. So I will create a report. Let's say I will like filter the pending orders only so we can like export or import whatever you can do that will be Yes. So if I want to let's see this week or maybe this month, next two weeks or whatever, I should be able to download and sport, I mean sport and then give it to the dispatcher. So you know that this is what I'm going to work with. Yeah. Okay. So what I'm going to do is so as you can see here and we have a status field in sales field sales and when the status is pending, we get the pending details here. So we can like you can have the export here any other formats you if you want and I'm Gonna create an additional report here that like the name name will be the pending field, which is that. Okay. Yeah, it is. Okay. We just need the pending this week orders to be updated so we can just download it and print it on a four sheet to be given to the dispatcher. Okay. So I will give to two time frames like this week and this month in the separate reports that is fine. And then can we also and here if we done with the, let's say, you know, they are only seeing almost everything those that is being delivered, we hide those or is going to be like this we can because if it is delivered, then we after, I mean delivered or taken on the delivery, we have to just I mean get out from the dashboard or the the screen. So all the pending like this week or the month, let's say the whole month pending. I will hire the daily with button and last question here, how would they also generate the invoice for the custom So we can create an invoice which I asked this long ago, but that don't think we able to do that. Okay, for now we have to go here and like click create new and add that. I have added a button here like create invoice as you can see here. So this button will automatically create the invoice for now. Yeah. Okay. I will check that. I think I have try you can try you click on it and see if it is you able to up the Okay. Let me check. Okay, I pick this one. Yeah. It created a record. You can see that here. You have to add an invoice number. That's the pending point. I will add that. Yes. Okay. So I will restrict. I will restrict the button. So if it was a pending or a payment status is not like done yet, I will restrict the button and the button is currently working. Now, I will check the other things and it'll be fine. Alright. So please do. And then we will decide on those who will be able to create invoice and so on. Can? I think that is what the most important aspect on what you call it the checking for you is this weekend, this month, pending order, so they will know what they are going to work on. Okay. I get it. Let's go to the main that. Yeah, Okay. I think there's so many things that is mixing. If you look at the good checks produced, I think they produced more than 26,920 checks this week. But I don't know why we have this. Can we go to the hat report to know the total number of good CHE that is produced this week you can select, but with the dates up there, so it will be more simple. That's by beat. 1 min. 1 min. I said by dates. If do MAI have a 2 min for me, I have to check my mind. It's not working. Let me let me come back. Okay. Okay. Just a minute have that? Yeah. Can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, I can see lot of chips here. Some of them don't have an hatch date. Is that? No, the hat date is there Maybe, you know, I complete to you on our chat that some dates are not coming and you say you go to work on it, but I mean if you go up, let's just click the Yes, they may TE me tenth hatch may 10. Okay. Hatch go up bit here let me see. Yeah. So you can you screw up a bit because I only see so the may 10 you see that that's the figures. Okay. So let me check the hat and if you even you know it was may and also I think as we did on Thursday as well. So Thursday was so you supposed to pick the seventh may and then the tenth may totals for the total we hatch. But if you look at the dashboard, it's not like that. Yeah, Okay, check. Okay. Anything any other? No are you checking it now? I should give you what? Yeah, Okay, let me check the hash report hash report first. Yeah. Hash report before we can Yeah. So seventh may. Yeah. We have one record or that particular date. Yeah. Of course which is about, I think we had Yeah, Okay, I get it can you? And why we are not getting, you know, we have the TWA access, but we are not having the TW T six in the main dashboard. No, no, no, just the hash report just go to the hash report Yeah. You see the total except go back to the hash report. Okay. Yeah, you see No check that down. Okay. 50 120 but we don't have the 2X Sorry. I mean hat Okay. You want add good checks Okay. Yeah. Like the total? Yeah. Okay. So it will be like the easier for us to know at how many check or good checks will go from the to. Okay. So screw you see if you check the two, we have about 10,000 something let me add them for you here. Where is it? Yeah. Seven from You want me to like filter the data here We already understand you. I want to know the two we we had on the seventh. Okay? Seventh, 11th 120 Right. Yeah. RAIT do we have the like like some of the count in the hatch report? I don't think that. Fine. Do we have the like good CH count in the hatch report? I can't find anything. No, no, no on hold on hold on good check. Good good good hatch. That is a good hatch just after four hatch. Okay. So can I change the name? Can I change the name to Good Chick or it will remain the Good hatch? No. Make it good check. So it will be for for For me. I thought we don't have good CHE column. Yeah, yeah. Okay. On seventh may 5 may. Right. Yes please. Okay. Total 11,440. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. Right. So this the 2920 is for the week. Hope you are getting me? Yes, I have this 29911. You know we are producing Tuesday and then the Sunday. Ok. The system is only picking the Sundays, leaving the tests hatch on track and if you are not tad to make, let's say that we make HA or then cost will be high and so on. So the system caned tracks regardless of the dates. I think it tracks like whenever we enter the data, it will track on that particular date. So do you want me to change it or you want any adjustments on that? So how you have how the system do it now. So as you previously mentioned in some of the calculations like like per hatch, I think some of the chicks might be like so that's free for the customers. I think so I have said the calculation in between the system have re-check that before telling the actual that one. For now we don't have issue on it. We are not tracking the toes. So Okay, if you are talking about production is supposed to be the eleven for 40, add that to the 2920. I hope you are getting me. So that one will be the week production. Okay. So that one will be in the main dashboard. Correct. So I expect the weekly production to be more than 26920. But here is the case, we have this figure. Yeah, Okay, Okay. I will check the system on is not tracking on the cased production. Yeah, yeah, Okay. So I will make sure that every day should be calculated for it. And then let's talk on the cost. I think the cost, there has been so many miscalculations which I need to do. I mean let's take on the cost per hack. If you look at the system calculate the cost hack is 3390 divided by 309488X. Right. Yeah. So why did you get a339K? So it will be like how much we spend on the feeds and the other cost on the on the way like we have had some cost like the work department wise expenditure like in the field. So that is the Yeah. So we, we get the expense like from the Yeah. So we get the expense from the daily OPS, daily OPS like how many feet Yeah. And this expenditures also comes into play Okay. So depending upon yeah. So the expenses will be the 29, I expect to see the 29 something sometime here. But you know, if you look at the the feed delivery cost which is 103 gar cities and then the department cost is 236 K. But if you go to the target is more than the 236 K, can we check the breeder? Okay? Yes. 215, 784.7, Yes, 296K if you want to run it effectively, it's supposed to be 296,000. Okay. Like we have to round that if you have like and yes, then we run it. So if it is 296K then the two nice K must be always the base. Then the daily fee will be UPL onto this divided by the total number of eggs produced. That would give us the actual cost. Okay, let me, yeah, let me repeat that. So let's say we we spend in the B form around 296K and we spend some, we spend some expenditure on the feeds daily operations, we add both of them and divide by that wee X count. Right. Yes. The hatch hatch X been delivered to the hatch. Okay. So I have configured the system exactly like that. But let me check that we quick and if you go to the dashboard, let's see the dashboard is not, I don't see 295 day. Let's go to the dashboard. Yeah. If you go to the dashboard, here's where we have to crate the cost of hatching it, which is even come and see the check the expenses. Yeah. I can see Yeah. Is 236K. Okay. Okay. I will check that. I will make changes here. Okay. So let's go back to the DB Yeah. And then price whatever we get at the cost per hat an egg, Okay, will be multiplied by 66% to determine the seven. So the formula is correct. But we need to get the bee, the bee, which is the total expenses per week or month to determine how much we can send the hatch E or the hat cost to the hatch. Now let's see how you calculated the cost per click produced. So the cost per click would be the hatch expenses which is on the configuration target. Yeah, I think so. I think I have like added the overall expense. I get 339 will be come from No is a different thing if you go to the has expenses, I've even updated it is it is now four to seven. Okay? So yeah, this shouldn't be. This is the total expenditure ends at the farm or to when we finish calculating the cost of the egg we we are done Okay. So the 27 which you can run it for to eight will be the total cost at the hatch for a month. Okay. So to determine a good price or the good cost price per check produce will be the total cost at the configuration target divided by the total number of checks which is perfectly done because as you can see is 2692 checks. So it's fine, but the total expenses is is wrong you have to take from the configuration Okay. So so currently I have a query here. So we have currently weekly right here, right. So if you want, if you want only weekly weekly price do we need to like like divide the monthly expense by week or we just can add the monthly expense. So I think it's better we Since we are producing it week on week, especially at the hatch, it's better we divide the total cost a week. So it will be for a week. If we select for the month, then the system will automatically calculate based on the four weeks. So if we select a particular week, we will be divide like let's say the current month will have four weeks that and I divide that expenditure and use that cost here. Correct? Yes. So all the cost, I'm going to do it from here. I'm going to work it on week by week. Because you know, sometimes the if you select the month, it makes the cost very cheap, but it's wrong. But let's do it week, week on week. So when you select the month, let's say if the month have four weeks into sum up the Twitter for week, if it's five weeks month, it will calculated based on the week in that month. Is it? Okay? Yeah. Okay. I get it. Yeah. So I'll do the what you call the updates on the configuration target model, then you connecting to the dashboard. Yeah. And then the selling seven price which is the total cost class up 40% margin will give us the total selling price. So the formula is also Okay. So we need to work on the costs to produce one. CH Yeah. Okay. The one once the cost is likely it will be like exactly populated as we expected. Alright. Yes, of course if we determine the cost, then the selling price will be which much get populated because the formula is already configured. So things are. Yeah, you go to that actually the checks produced. I have a query on the checks produced because the number of checks we have produced is less, I mean, more than what we have on that and you sc down. Okay. Yeah, here it's no, no slow slow Yeah. So if you look at the CHE by Brid what we have produced, if you look at the hatchery report, the novel White, that is, the laers is more than 30,000, the novel BR is more than this, the Jackie, I don't think so you check the Hachie report on individual screen to determine the number of checks we have produced. The hour more than this. Yeah, Okay. I will check that even this Sunday we produced 26,920. Okay. Yeah. You have anything for me? No, no. I have to run, run through the system once again after the after DESC made so you can finalize the system overall and that's it. Alright. Thank you so much. But as I, one more important thing is on the on the hashe reports. You know, we always have the Tutor X, so we also have the tutor checks counts. So just so we so you need a good checks count in there like a total exciter. Right? Yes, of course. Good. Yeah. So yes. So we can have it where the case is. At least we should know how many checks that is. The total good checks. Okay. I will add that today and I will update you. Alright. So please check the HA reports and prove the right D breed. Okay. Support. So the total number of good checks each breed have actually produced can I get it? So on my side, I'm going to edit the configuration target on the week so you can work with it. So do you have any other queries like these are the final final corrections? Right? Do you have anything else to say? Yeah for now it's Okay. I think we almost have this should be done for my side. It's Okay for me, just I need to get actual cost either the egg, the check, everything. So we know where our financial positions are. So just make we, we are Good To Go. So I will make the corrections and so you can cross-check those data with your data so if it matches we are Good To Go. Thank you. Alright. Thank you. Can you check the egg with including report? Which one? Egg egg receiving including Yeah, Yeah, Okay. Okay. So can we have everything? Is it possible to have a SAML report if it is possible What kind of report you want? Yeah. Easy. Can you close this one? Okay. Okay, so this one is it doesn't give the too. Yeah. Go to the right. You're right, You're right, You're right, you're right. Okay. So we have the truth. Okay. Okay. But the reference is not coming. Okay. I will add that. Yeah. I think it is Okay. We know how many that is. We can. It's fine. We have a reference number here. Do you have? No, It's Okay. It's Okay. I think that is all for now. We we for me, I have been always willing to have a very simplified system of running software. It's Okay. Let's go face this items. I'm also going to have already opened the configuration per department and instead of the month, I'm going to make it on weekly. So you have have Yeah, Okay. Thank you. Any other queries? No, that is fine for can you also check this dashboard? So do we need to like do we need this dashboard Since we have a main dashboard? No, I don't think we need it. So if you can disable this one? Yeah, Okay, I will temporarily hide it and if you want to like add it after sometime, I will add that if you want. Okay and one more thing if you want the Okay, can you go to the main dashboard? Let me suggest something with you? Yeah, Okay. Okay. So if the Farm Manager open his, I mean open the system get possible, they can see some of the data in the main DB. Yeah. They should have a small dashboard for them to know where they are. So what are the data they they have get like authorized to see. Okay. So if you look at the I think I can write them for you later on. They have to say the total base their mortality can feed in egg produce hatching eggs. So I will compile all of the data for you. What they need to see on the dboard. Yeah. Okay. Qu that's good. Just give me. I would like to see your face. So whenever you are ready, you have to call. Yeah. Okay. I will give it something. Yeah, Yeah. I said you were going to say something before I came in. So I asked about the any other queries do you have like any other adjustment? I know for now the most important thing is what we discussed and then especially far manager must have a dashboard to know his production positions and then they have manager must also see and then taking for you coordinator have to also see how the the sales are going and so on. And then the data and compliance must also see something. And I don't mind if I and the finance manager will have the same assets because I'm not there. He is in chat. So yeah, I will list all the data that needed to be shown to them that you work on it for us. Okay. So much. Thank you. Thank you. Please have a great day on the cost MO. I'm going to change all the the operational. Okay. I will, I will update this, I will, I will update this today and let you know it's ready. Yeah. Thank you by thank you, Alri.
